a lot of people say you need a tailor
yeah they're right there effin right
what week six is wrapping up I'm joined
right now by probably from hundred
thieves with covers presented by Omni /
- don't grunt in the interview I don't
know if that picked up but it's making
me feel very uncomfortable
alright so 100 thieves I thought you
guys were tanking so I'm hotline League
what do you say thank you okay
well on hotline League I proposed this
idea everybody said echo fox was gonna
blow up the split and then I was like
actually honey thisis blowing up because
our last interview you said like oh yeah
a lot of veteran personalities are kind
of butting heads you kind of implied
some tension and I saw on a heist
when meteos was like your draft sucked
prolly and so I thought it was things
are blowing up what was actually going
on today I mean it kind of were yeah but
not as dramatic as you think it was
mostly like I want to play the game this
way I want to play it this way and then
everyone's both like yeah so what do we
do now so that was why there's a lot of
like weird things happen in the last
couple weeks but since then it's kind of
we figured out solutions to it as
opposed to just like a stalemate so
that's kind of where that came from
anything with the draft finisher we were
just like let's just do more work on it
together okay so things were blowing up
but then you you've brought it back in
together okay but the lineup is so
dramatic right it sounds like things are
going like really wrong when it's like
this is just people working together
okay I mean you were losing a lot that
seemed that was that's wrong that's not
good
yeah losing three games there's so much
and it's just the world is over and we
actually didn't scream the last couple
weeks and we like moved out of each
other's houses we haven't talked since
then and I don't know how we won today
but it just worked out all I'm saying is
cuz need shots watching he didn't like
that comment I it was it was like this
thing started off and LCS was growing
like this and you were like hundred
thieves maybe one of the best teams and
then there was this and this is the bad
part but you're saying now it's all it's
leveling out you're gonna go back up
yeah
I'm already on the up-and-up right here
yeah yes yes okay yes it's good
so what scared you are of an HIV he's
very he's very intimidating you know
it's cuz he's he's got he's got all
these YouTube subs and these followers
and I just feel like he just SiC them on
me at a point in time it's very
dangerous you know I have I have a
smaller army that would probably lose
that fight the point is you guys so you
talked how did the draft conversations
end up because the staff remove was odd
blitzkrieg today so which is this mock
epic so you're like yeah we had all
these arguments about drafting and all
the stuff now the players are playing
their pocket picks so is it just sold
something like play whatever you guys
want no actually I don't know today was
really weird like I had a premonition
that we'd play blitz
and we hadn't practice it at all
you see premonition feel like you woke
up in the middle of night and there's a
vision of a plane walking around
thinking about Draft and then while
walking around I'm like we should play
blitz tomorrow because I think they'll
do this and then something will happen
and I just ended up working out but
draft no not too much has changed other
than where I guess we're talking more
about it but like today I know Zack
wasn't expecting to play blitz or Afrin
was expect me play blitz but I had I got
a feeling from Cody about like stone
what's not would do because they're
friends and I was like we should just
last pick support because they've been
thrashed who bans Thresh so that was
really weird
they just figured they're gonna play
something silly balling so this just
kind of worked out yeah a premonition
about what wildturtle would do because
he he was like a magnet yeah that kind
of fits like okay so there is all I'll
give him the benefit that someone was in
front of them a couple of the times but
that someone flashed and then he was
just there so a couple of times
I won't completely blame him even though
he has a flash button too or a position
button but that I mean isn't that kind
of a famous thing from him it's like
getting caught out so blitz would be a
great pick against cyclists
and everyone should pick it all the time
again cyclists now just to like test
test this like strategy like just
try to catch turtle all the time let's
create the single counter to fly quest
yeah well thrush - but they banned it so
any kind of any kind of folk situation
yeah you guys always have such an army
of people here like I just there are so
many hundred teams people here you gonna
paint around the camera no no no one is
here but those people are hundreds these
people right I mean maybe you don't know
like I just constantly see you guys have
more staff I think than anyone we do I
feel like I mean I really don't pay
attention anything but what's happening
amongst the team like you know Gabe
who's the person that films your show
I know Gabe I mean I just spend like all
day with them didn't know who we lived
with or anything like that that's okay
how are things going in the LCS overall
you think na LCS because echo fox and
cloud 9 we're looking super dominant
they lost yesterday what what do you
think of all this stuff
Blitzcrank y'all right now um okay so
the best of ones I think no one can get
an accurate read on anybody so it's not
really that surprising when things are
going crazy all the time you say
accurate but you can get a relative read
on people cloud 9 is probably definitely
better than golden Guardians yeah but
that's like a really easy one if
someone's like winning all the time I
supposed to losing all the time you can
draw some from that but I think for
the other 7 teams some could be in
different spots there I think some are
in different spots it's eight other
teams 92 of 10 that's 8 yeah I'm
thinking of 7 that I would place
differently okay two that I think are in
the right spot and one isn't what are
the other okay what three are in the
right spot I'm gonna say any of that why
why not it's a it's a good interesting
question not to me
it's just like when people ask me to
predict games I don't predict games cuz
it's not fun if I'm right I don't feel
better if I'm wrong I just feel worse so
it's like no matter what I'm gonna lose
so talking about standings I still feel
like I lose so you guys will never know
especially you
optic there's optic the 13 will you tell
me who the third team is okay not
telling you is the same as I'm not gonna
answer your questions right
or else I'm just like kind of lying to
myself so you guys can just guess and
you know there could be a little poll
and you guys can just yeah try to
predict are you surprised by any of the
LCS results so far
mmm I guess I'm I am kind of surprised
echo fox is so dominant okay because
they're ending games really well like
they have a good identity and it grew a
lot quicker than I thought it would
CSM swinging back it seems like it seems
weird in what way
uh-huh I thought they'd be better like I
thought they'd be just doing better in
general even in like their wins and
losses it seems like they're their team
cohesion is just like not there or
something because the players
individually are really strong so but
you said it's best at once yeah so
doesn't so so why are you surprised you
can't if you can't tell because in the
best of one like if you have the lead
and you close it then it's like cool
that would happen if you had a lead in
most games in so you can tell stuff from
best ones yeah you can tell some stuff
it's not very accurate like I said but
you can tell some things I just bring
this up because a lot of people say you
can't learn anything for best ones but
I'm like this seems like there's a lot
of things you can learn right like if a
team looks really bad in a game you can
tell and and if they look really bad in
it for a couple games they look pretty
bad yeah really excited about the Blitz
actually actually that was a
miscommunication
Zack shouldn't have insel off that but
it was more dramatic that he did okay
because yeah I don't want instant
Lockett so actually I need to talk to
him about that okay well you could just
show him this interview and I get
another YouTube view you learn about it
you watch as my enemies or yours
everyone should do you subscribe to my
youtube channel I don't subscribe to any
YouTube channel you should you should
the amount of people I don't know I do a
million in these interviews yet so I'm
up for some reason in your interview you
know normally people just walk in and
out instead people keep walking in and
then they go like I summed I think it's
it's not the interview it's not the
interview they are afraid of you I think
I mean I got it
soon on I shaved my facial hair so I'm
not like a ragamuffin yeah maybe that's
your very intimidating I'm a terrifying
person I've never been afraid of you the
point is that hundred thieves seems like
they're on the uptick what do you think
a clutch because they were kind of the
other side of the pendulum like you guys
start losing they started winning how's
it spelled pronounce it different
pendulum pendulum I don't think it's
pendulum all right but clutch yet
they're doing well I also think it's
weird when like azir's super meta and
then people don't ban it against Piven
because I mean I guess I played a year
with him so I kind of understand his
brain a bit but whenever I see him get
his ear I'm like he's gonna be so happy
this game yeah but other than that I
think they have pretty good players
actually so I'm not too surprised about
them being or doing well but I think
part of it is them having the right
champions too many times new patches
hitting what do you think a patch patch
is gonna be crazy
there's way too much weird things on
this new patch like what
oh yeah well junglers I have no clue why
they removed such like an integral part
of competitive play without like I don't
know there's a key with you first yeah
they're not checking with me but just
like there's no like you know
compensation or anything is just like
you're Gowen Ward's piece it wasn't like
you only get one now or you only get a
pink ward or you only get something it's
like none so that was shocking and all
the AP changes are really cool though
because building Morelos every game is
really boring so I'm glad that there's
like actual choices but pretty sure in
the next week I was gonna figure out the
right one and then it's gonna go back to
everyone just Russia's one item so um it
sounds cool right now but I think they'd
be changed are gonna be kind of boring
in the long run okay so they just need
to keep changing it every patch to keep
going yeah just like new items like just
remove stuff in the game like maybe just
don't use gold one game so everyone just
plays they're champions with base stats
like that would be a good change I think
no more farming everyone despites all
the time do you follow LCS at all still
yeah I still watch EU vandeusen
I mean I don't analyze it I just watch
it so I watch it like for fun so I'm
just sitting there like why do they pick
this why are they doing this and then I
mean I still want my teammates my
previous teammates to do well I think I
think the other game ended who won does
anybody know echo fox and 22 minutes
that's pretty good we should win at 22
minutes I've interviewed echovox so many
times I don't mind missing this
interview that I'm sorry for your issues
Travis it's really hard life man that
you should be happy for echo fox yay
echo fox my loud to cheer for I think
I'm not boo echo fox yeah we have to
beat him next time well you sometimes it
is in your favor if a team is winning
like if it like if a bottom team takes
the team that's a head of you buy one
game down that's you should cheer for
that bottom team yeah that sounds so
like dishonest why because you don't
really care about them you care about
yourself yeah so it's like super selfish
so you mean like oh yeah go blah blah
blah team win you're really just saying
go me win me buy you losing so I think
it yeah I don't do that sucks it feels
feels gross hey do you ever want to come
on hotline League what is that you
literally do you don't is this I mean
the shock would have been for you right
let you are missing out on some of the
most premier premium content and the
legend seen something that could
undoubtedly help you coach you know like
how all the redditors always have really
good ideas you actually get to hear
their voices and have them hear what
they say on the show I mean that just
sounds great that's like the best that
I've ever heard I guess I need to go on
and interact with redditors directly
okay I'll talk to your people don't you
do it
mark Z yeah dude he never he always
votes for us to lose every week I was
happy going for him lately
bad mark Z idiot not you I meant like
lately like I'm past like
yes well no no before that Oh before
that he's doing pretty well with those
predictions but now that he's wrong I
can really rub it in his face well rub
it in his face on the show we'll talk
about it not this weekend I've got got
somebody really important interview or
like a plug for your show by the way I'm
just saying this has nothing to do with
me yeah it's all about you have you
heard about Omni slash you could follow
them twitter.com slash Omni slash omen
by HP know a lot of people say you need
a tailor yeah they're right there effin
right yeah and I blame 100 thieves this
should be a shout-out to shame them
because I wanted a suit for a while with
like a pin on it or something and I also
don't like blue suits I don't know why
this is the first time having an on like
charcoal or non black suit and I'm not a
family blue suit man it's not a fan of
it not being my size complain about this
enough so maybe if we get an interview
about me complaining it it'll like hold
more weight should I make that the
headline prolly calls out hundred t
supporting coaching staff or like what's
what's something more like hostile than
not supporting yeah hundred she
disrespecting coaching staff disrespect
yeah very disrespected I mean like I
can't even wear this properly they made
after me was sleeve yeah I know you
don't yeah I mean they're essentially
the same thing so I'm really angry about
that sleep when I saw that sleeve today
man that's why I made him play blitz
they're very player centric team what's
your coaching centric team anymore
obviously we need to wrap this up you're
supposed to be the professional off this
all right you tell me when it's wrapped
up I'm just telling you do you have
anything you want to say yeah thank you
fans
and if you really are a fan you wouldn't
watch Travis and stuff but other than
that thanks for supporting under these
there you go
I feel good
Oh Glenn yeah you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel if you
subscribe to my channel for these
interviews brought to you by Omni slash
I promise I will never do another stupid
prolly interview ever again they are the
worst I know I'm so sorry you can check
out the rest of my fridge right here on
my youtube channel